about.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: About
nav_order: 2
---

## Weekly Sessions
We will be having weekly sessions where invited speakers will give a talk presenting their work followed by an interactive discussion and Q&A. All sessions will be recorded (if permitted by the speaker) and the recordings will be available for viewership later.

## Timings
The talks will be held **every week** from **1pm-2pm PST** on **Thursdays**.

## Schedule
Check out our [Upcoming Talks]({{ 'upcoming-talks' | relative_url }}) page to get more information about the scheduled talks. We have an exciting line up of speakers.

[Upcoming Talks]({{ 'upcoming-talks' | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Video Info
Please email one of the organizers to get the Zoom information. Recorded sessions will be posted on our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkkljs06NPPkjNysCdQV4w) or livestreamed directly.

[Videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkkljs06NPPkjNysCdQV4w){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Mailing List
If you'd like to receive notifications and occasional reminders about upcoming talks, you can subscribe to our mailing list directly at `https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/medai_announce` or click the button below.

[Subscribe](https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/medai_announce){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Nominate
You can nominate a speaker that you'd like to hear from - we'll invite them to our forum. If you'd like to present your work or lead a discussion, you can nominate yourself instead. Visit our [Nominate]({{ 'nominate' | relative_url }}) page to add in your nominations.

[Nominate]({{ 'nominate' | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Contact
You can contact us with any enquiries or questions.

[Contact]({{ 'organizers' | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn-primary}

Commit message:

Update Exchange session, Video descriptions, paper nominations

about.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: About
nav_order: 2
---

## Weekly Exchange Sessions
We will be having weekly sessions (Thursdays, 1-2pm PST, starting April 1st, 2021) where invited speakers will present their work or a journal club paper followed by an interactive discussion and Q&A among all participants. Sessions will be recorded or livestreamed based on presenters' consent and the recordings will be available for viewership later.

## Timings
The talks will be held **every week** from **1pm-2pm PST** on **Thursdays**.

## Schedule
Check out our [Upcoming Talks]({{ 'upcoming-talks' | relative_url }}) page to get more information about the scheduled talks. We have an exciting line up of speakers.

[Upcoming Talks]({{ 'upcoming-talks' | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Video Info
Please email one of the organizers to get the Zoom information. Recorded sessions will be posted on our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkkljs06NPPkjNysCdQV4w) or livestreamed directly (links will be posted in our [Upcoming Talks]({{ 'upcoming-talks' | relative_url }}) page.

[Videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkkljs06NPPkjNysCdQV4w){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Mailing List
If you'd like to receive notifications and occasional reminders about upcoming talks, you can subscribe to our mailing list directly at `https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/medai_announce` or click the button below.

[Subscribe](https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/medai_announce){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Nominate
You can nominate a speaker that you'd like to hear from - we'll invite them to our forum. If you'd like to present your work or lead a discussion, you can nominate yourself instead. You can also nominate interesting and relevant papers for discussion in the MedAI exchange sessions. Visit our [Nominate]({{ 'nominate' | relative_url }}) page to add in your nominations.

[Nominate]({{ 'nominate' | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn-primary}

## Contact
You can contact us with any enquiries or questions.

[Contact]({{ 'organizers' | relative_url }}){: .btn .btn-primary}
