index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "MedAI: Forum for Medical AI & Imaging"
permalink: /
---

# MedAI: Forum for Medical AI & Imaging

Machine learning and deep networks are transforming the field of medicine in exciting yet hitherto unknown ways, all the way from diagnosis to treatment. However, their applicability is still limited. How can we effectively combine the strengths of AI with the knowledge and experience of trained physicians? How can we ensure clinical deployment and adoption? 

As AI researchers in this field, our goal is to foster communication - we want our forum to be a place where we can critically examine key topics in AI and medicine, generate fresh ideas and discussion around their intersection and most importantly, learn from each other.

We will be having weekly sessions (**Thursdays, 1-2pm PST**, starting **April 1st, 2021**) where invited speakers will give a talk presenting their work followed by an interactive discussion and Q&A. All sessions will be recorded and the recordings will be available for viewership later. Check our [About]({{ 'about' | relative_url}}) page for more details.

[Mailing List](https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/medai_announce){: .btn .btn-primary .mr-4} 
[YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkkljs06NPPkjNysCdQV4w){: .btn .btn-primary}

One of the main strengths of our forum would be to foster collaboration across institutions and increase networking. Currently, three AI groups on healthcare informatics are participating in this forum with distinct background and expertise: 
- [Rubin Lab](https://rubinlab.stanford.edu) (**Stanford University**)
- [Banerjee Lab](https://sites.google.com/stanford.edu/imon-banerjee-stanford/home?authuser=0) (**Emory University**)
- [Summers Lab](https://www.cc.nih.gov/meet-our-doctors/rsummers.html) (**National Institute of Health (NIH)**)

Our topics of interest include but aren't limited to:
-	Computer vision
-	Natural language Processing
-	AI-based clinical decision making;
-	Medical knowledge engineering;
-	Knowledge-based and agent-based systems;
-	Computational intelligence in bio- and clinical medicine;
-	Intelligent and process-aware information systems in healthcare and medicine;
-	Natural language processing in medicine;
-	Data analytics and mining for biomedical decision support;
-	New computational platforms and models for biomedicine;
-	Intelligent exploitation of heterogeneous data sources aimed at supporting decision-based and data-intensive clinical tasks;
-	Intelligent devices and instruments;
-	Automated reasoning and meta-reasoning in medicine;
-	Machine learning in medicine, medically-oriented human biology, and healthcare;
-	AI and data science in medicine, medically-oriented human biology, and healthcare;
-	AI-based modeling and management of healthcare pathways and clinical guidelines;
-	Models and systems for AI-based population health;
-	AI in medical and healthcare education;
-	Methodological, philosophical, ethical, and social issues of AI in healthcare, medically-oriented human biology, and medicine.

Commit message:

Change MedAI Forum to MedAI Group

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "MedAI Group"
permalink: /
---

# MedAI Inter Group Sessions

Machine learning and deep networks are transforming the field of medicine in exciting yet hitherto unknown ways, all the way from diagnosis to treatment. However, their applicability is still limited. How can we effectively combine the strengths of AI with the knowledge and experience of trained physicians? How can we ensure clinical deployment and adoption? 

As AI researchers in this field, our goal is to foster communication - we want our sessions to be a place where we can critically examine key topics in AI and medicine, generate fresh ideas and discussion around their intersection and most importantly, learn from each other.

We will be having weekly sessions (**Thursdays, 1-2pm PST**, starting **April 1st, 2021**) where invited speakers will give a talk presenting their work followed by an interactive discussion and Q&A. All sessions will be recorded and the recordings will be available for viewership later. Check our [About]({{ 'about' | relative_url}}) page for more details.

[Mailing List](https://mailman.stanford.edu/mailman/listinfo/medai_announce){: .btn .btn-primary .mr-4} 
[YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOkkljs06NPPkjNysCdQV4w){: .btn .btn-primary}

One of the main strengths of our forum would be to foster collaboration across institutions and increase networking. Currently, three AI groups on healthcare informatics are participating in this forum with distinct background and expertise: 
- [Rubin Lab](https://rubinlab.stanford.edu) (**Stanford University**)
- [Banerjee Lab](https://sites.google.com/stanford.edu/imon-banerjee-stanford/home?authuser=0) (**Emory University**)
- [Summers Lab](https://www.cc.nih.gov/meet-our-doctors/rsummers.html) (**National Institute of Health (NIH)**)

Our topics of interest include but aren't limited to:
-	Computer vision
-	Natural language Processing
-	AI-based clinical decision making;
-	Medical knowledge engineering;
-	Knowledge-based and agent-based systems;
-	Computational intelligence in bio- and clinical medicine;
-	Intelligent and process-aware information systems in healthcare and medicine;
-	Natural language processing in medicine;
-	Data analytics and mining for biomedical decision support;
-	New computational platforms and models for biomedicine;
-	Intelligent exploitation of heterogeneous data sources aimed at supporting decision-based and data-intensive clinical tasks;
-	Intelligent devices and instruments;
-	Automated reasoning and meta-reasoning in medicine;
-	Machine learning in medicine, medically-oriented human biology, and healthcare;
-	AI and data science in medicine, medically-oriented human biology, and healthcare;
-	AI-based modeling and management of healthcare pathways and clinical guidelines;
-	Models and systems for AI-based population health;
-	AI in medical and healthcare education;
-	Methodological, philosophical, ethical, and social issues of AI in healthcare, medically-oriented human biology, and medicine.
